Fernando is between a rock and a hard place.
His owner wants to kick him out of the house.
Just this morning, he got in trouble.
When his owner was at the supermarket
buying some things for lunch, Fernando
sat on the table.
Beside him, on the table, there was tuna
so Fernando ate it.
Then he saw a pot in front of him, so he
jumped and fell inside the pot that had
fish soup in it.
The pot wasn't hot yet.
His owner had left the pot on low heat
for safety while she was at the supermarket.
Fernando ate so much that he fell asleep
inside the pot.
When his owner came home, she put the pot
on the high heat and started looking for
Fernando, but he was well hidden.
He was inside the pot.
After a few minutes, his owner heard the
pot moving violently.
Could it be that a fish was alive?
Fernando's owner uncovered the pot, and
something furry shot out
.
It was Fernando, who was terrified and
hid under the table.
His owner tried to get him out from under
the table with a broom, but Fernando
climbed up her face and hid behind the
stove in front of the fridge.
However, he was too near the hot pot, so
hid beside the cold fridge.
When his owner was going to reach him, he
jumped, went outside, and scrambled up a tree.
Fernando is still outside in the tree.
He doesn't want to come down, but he is
very hungry, so he's still between a rock
and a hard place.
I feel like I'm tired of saving his own house.
Even in his house, where he is.
He is really hungry, and he's hungry.
You're hungry.